- Something I find odd about libertarians these days is that, in large part, they're quite conservative.
- Take this quote from Hans-Herman Hoppe's *Democracy: The God That Failed*:
	- There can be no tolerance toward democrats and communists in a libertarian social order. They will have to be physically separated and expelled from society. Likewise, in a covenant founded for the purpose of protecting family and kin, there·can be no tolerance toward those habitually promoting lifestyles incompatible with this goal. They-the advocates of alternative, non-family and kin-centered lifestyles such as, for instance, individual hedonism, parasitism, nature-environment worship, homosexuality, or communism-will have to be physically removed from society, too, if one is to maintain a libertarian order. (p. 218)
- Later, Hoppe says:
	- It should be obvious then that and why libertarians must be moral and cultural conservatives of the most uncompromising kind. The current state of moral degeneration, social disintegration and cultural rot is precisely the result of too much-and above all erroneous and misconceived-tolerance. (p. 219)
- Now, Hoppe is a very smart person who has described the downsides of democracy in a radical, enticing new way. But.....is this libertarianism? Additionally, thinkers like Hoppe are very interested in shaming heretics than changing heathens. Recently, Hoppe discussed his thoughts about Javier Milei's administration in Argentina, an administration directly influenced by Rothbard and Hoppe himself. Well within character, Hoppe ruthlessly criticized Milei for essentially [not being libertarian enough and abolishing the central bank outright](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PNMXW7rq7vA)! This is how you treat the greatest international success of your ideas in history? Later, Milei [did not take kindly](https://x.com/LibertarianDuty/status/1867202040742522933) to Hoppe's critique.
	- Good on him, I say! Milei is not the enemy and he needs the support of thought leaders like Hoppe to spur more enthusiasm.
- As a reaction to all this, all I can do is raise my hands and ask "Where did all the libertarians go?"
- I don't know about you, but one of the reasons libertarianism is exciting is that whichever preferences an individual has can be expressed and fulfilled. If the preference requires more than one person, those people can come to a mutually beneficial solution and make a trade. Don't we want people to maximize the gains of trade?
- Here's my call to the rest of you from the blessed libertarian garden:
	- Homosexuals, transexuals, hedonists, Gaia-worshipers, hippies, the ambitious, the lazy, black, white, men, women, believers & atheists--everyone! Lets get together and enjoy our freedom!
- Lets be the big tent. Freedom & flourishing is for everybody.
- All this is to say:
	- Conservatism isn't *bad*. In fact, the older I am getting, the more conservative. But you better believe I want to be able to decide how conservative or how "liberal" I want to be. I can tell my neighbor "you shouldn't do that", but beyond that? Why should I care?
	- If I really don't like my neighbor, how about I just move?